DOCS-1252: Add docs for AWS Sagemaker modular Vision Service (#2127)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/modular-resources/examples/aws-sagemaker.md

Then, if you haven't done so already, create a new robot in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com) and connect to the robot.

## Configuration

{{< tabs name="Add the AWS Sagemaker modular service">}}
{{% tab name="Config Builder" %}}

Navigate to the **Config** tab of your robot’s page in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
Click on the **Services** subtab and click the **Create service** button.
Search for `aws-sagemaker`, then select the version from the [Registry](https://app.viam.com/registry).
Give your resource a name of your choice and click **Create**.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="JSON Template" %}}

Add the following to your `"modules"` array:

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{
  "type": "registry",
  "name": "viam_aws-sagemaker",
  "module_id": "viam:aws-sagemaker",
  "version": "latest"
}
```

Add the following to your `"services"` array:

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
[
  {
    "name": "your-aws-sagemaker-service",
    "type": "vision",
    "namespace": "rdk",
    "model": "viam:vision:aws-sagemaker",
    "attributes": {}
  }
]
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Attributes

> After creating your model repository, configure the required attributes to connect your robot to an AWS Sagemaker model performing inferences in the cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
After deploying your model to an endpoint, configure the required attributes to connect your robot to the AWS Sagemaker model performing inferences in the cloud.
```
